feat: improvements on glossary a11y (#34095)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/accessible_name/index.md

Many elements, such as sections of textual content, don't need an accessible name. All controls should have an accessible name. All images that convey information and aren't purely presentational do too.

> Assistive technologies will provide the user with the accessibility name property, which is the accessible name along with the element's role. While many elements don't need an accessible name, it's necessary to provide accessible name to override or to supplement the content of an element with specified [roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles). For example, a [`tabpanel`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role) is a section of content that appears after a user activates the associated element with a [`tab`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tab_role) role. This role can be set on an element with no needed name, like the {{HTMLElement("div")}} element. The `tab` is the control and must have an accessible name. The `tabpanel` is the child (content section) of the `tab`. Adding `aria-labelledby` to the `tabpanel` is a best practice.

Author: added some description of APG's recommendation on role-name

<img width="1663" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-20 at 9 18 32 AM" src="https://github.com/mdn/content/assets/41184947/d760a00c-9774-465a-89be-3441af595215">

https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/practices/names-and-descriptions/#:~:text=Accessible%20Name%20Guidance%20by%20Role,-Certain%20elements%20always&text=Indicates%20how%20necessary%20it%20is,element%20with%20the%20specified%20role.

Many elements, such as sections of textual content, don't need an accessible name. All controls should have an accessible name. All images that convey information and aren't purely presentational do too.

> Assistive technologies will provide the user with the accessibility name property, which is the accessible name along with the element's role. While many elements don't need an accessible name, it's necessary to provide accessible name to override or to supplement the content of an element with specified [roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles). For example, a [`tabpanel`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role) is a section of content that appears after a user activates the associated element with a [`tab`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tab_role) role. This role can be set on an element with no needed name, like the {{HTMLElement("div")}} element. The `tab` is the control and must have an accessible name. The `tabpanel` is the child (content section) of the `tab`. Adding `aria-labelledby` to the `tabpanel` is a best practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assistive technologies provide users with the accessibility name property, which includes the accessible name along with the element's role. While many elements don't need an accessible name, it's necessary to provide an accessible name to override or supplement the content of elements with specified [roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles). For example, a [`tabpanel`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tabpanel_role) is a section of content that appears after a user activates the associated element with a [`tab`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/tab_role) role. This role can be set on an element with no needed name, like the {{HTMLElement("div")}} element. The `tab` is the control and must have an accessible name. The `tabpanel` is the child (content section) of the `tab`. Adding `aria-labelledby` to the `tabpanel` is a best practice.
```

## See also

> 
> - [ARIA roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)
> - [ARIA attribute](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes)

Author: ```suggestion

- [ARIA roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)
- [ARIA attribute](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes)
```
